okay so this is the newest pocophone the
poco
x3 and it is a roughly 200 phone that
hits
really hard it's just packed with so
much good stuff on it
i think this is probably gonna be the
best 200 phone this year
like i i really think that this is gonna
be the one now
the original pocophone the f1 this was a
phone that just made waves right it was
meant to be disruptive it was meant to
draw a lot of attention to the brand
but ever since the f1 i haven't reviewed
other pocophones because
i mean xiaomi's just been using other
phones like redmi phones and rebranding
them
as poco phones and none of them really
struck me as being something special
this one's different this one is a new
phone it's not like a rebrand from
something else so i like that
and let's just get right into it so the
build quality this is a
metal framed phone it's aluminum i don't
know for sure i mean they claim it's
aluminum it feels like metal
but it does have that reflective chrome
finish that we do see in plastic framed
phones
but i do think it is metal and then the
back
is not glass it's a plastic back very
similar to other pocophones
it's got some glass like reflectivity to
it but it is plastic
and it'll have the durable properties of
plastic and i like that they went with
it right if you're going to have
a 200 phone that has like a 120 hertz
screen and all the
features that this one does you kind of
have to go with some material decisions
like that
so if we go around the device we have a
sim tray it's got a gasket for some
water resistance
and you can go with a double sim or a
single sim with the micro sd
we have an ir blaster up top and we also
have a notification light
that is visible through the grille of
the earpiece it's this little white
light that just shines through
and i like it it's so simple it's not
intrusive like they don't have a special
aperture for anything it just shines
right through the grill
and i feel like more phones should
implement or could implement something
like this without too much of a trouble
but
it's nice that it's there we also have
very tactile buttons
they click like quite audibly
and the tactility is good but they have
this they feel
cheaper it's hard to describe like when
i click them
it feels like there's plastic components
in there when there usually aren't
and then the fingerprint sensor so this
is a reasonably fast sensor
it's in a great spot and the kind of
divot that's in the area to place your
finger is really
ergonomic and there's also this sharp
edge
on the side of the power button it's
actually quite similar to the
sharp edge on the zenfone 7. and the
bottom we have your headphone jack
awesome and a usbc port this is actually
a slower port it's usb2 so you can't do
super fast data transfers through it now
the front
has really nice sounding stereo speakers
and like i mean
good stereo like even sound good volume
i like them now the display is a 120
hertz lcd panel and it's a pretty good
image
there are some things that i think
people should be aware of if they're
interested in this phone though so even
though it's 200 bucks i got to mention
this stuff number one
the backlighting has some
inconsistencies
around that punch hole it's most
noticeable when you have like a bright
image and you're viewing it on an angle
like you can see here there's just some
inconsistencies around that punch hole
it's not super obvious but
if you look for it you'll notice it but
the weird thing is if you look straight
on
it's almost imperceptible it's actually
invisible to me if i look straight on
but the moment you tilt it you'll see it
and the same thing goes with the bottom
edge
there's just you can see that the back
lighting isn't perfectly done there
it's again most noticeable on an angle
but
straight on it's not really noticeable
now for me i don't care about these
imperfections at all i feel like this
barely affects the image quality of the
screen but i thought i should put it out
there
for people that are more picky about
stuff like that
there is another issue that i think is
like a bigger issue and it's not
pertaining to the screen itself but it
manifests itself on the display so
this is a 120 hertz display but you'll
notice
oftentimes with the animations and stuff
there's a bit of a stutter and i think
it's related to the frame rate down
clocking that
xiaomi xiaomi's putting on this phone so
with this device
because it's got a 120hz capable screen
if you left it at 120hz or 120 frames
per second all the time it would chew
through battery life quickly
right but i think in an attempt to
preserve the battery life
or extend it as long as possible they
are down clocking it
really quickly and quite aggressively so
if i'm in the ui
and i'm swiping around it'll be
displaying it at 120 frames per second
very smooth
very fluid but if i let go of that like
the touchscreen i don't touch it
the frame rate will drop to single digit
fps
and now if i touch the screen again it
takes a
split second for it to bring that speed
back up it takes a while for it to ramp
up to a fluid
a visually fluid frame rate and because
of that delay
the eye picks up a stutter and i don't
know how i feel about this because
partially it's a good thing right
because now your battery life is
preserved
really well and we'll get into battery
life in a second but because of that
stutter
it's noticeable and i don't know if they
can fix this
without affecting the battery life too
much so this phone has an amazing
battery life right now 5160 milliamp
hours it's a big battery but it's not
just the size of the battery
it's what they're doing in software how
they're down clocking the screen and how
they're
just stretching the battery life through
software
and it's a bit of a trade-off right you
gotta do these
weird things in software and make your
screen not super smooth
to be able to stretch out that battery
life like this is a phone that gets a
comfortable two days of real use like
actual use two days it's crazy eight and
a half
nine hours of screen on time it's so
good but i think
right the moment you start tweaking the
software so it looks smoother and feels
smoother
you're gonna eat into that battery time
so it'd be cool if they could
have like a software option for users
but i think most people
would go for battery life now it also
charges up very quickly it's got a 33
watt charger in the box
juices it up in like 68 minutes it's a
really fast charge
the thing is on a phone like this that
doesn't have any software to kind of
adjust the charging speed
you're gonna it's gonna invariably
affect the
durability or longevity of this device
right when you have batteries that get
warm
from really fast charging all the time
it doesn't bode well for
like lifespan of the phone personally if
i owned this and this was my regular
phone i would just use like a
15 watt charger because it does get
quite hot on the charge
but you do have access to super fast
charging if you want it
so this runs a snapdragon 732 g and it's
also running ufs 2.1 storage so
not super fast hardware in there it's
reasonably fast but it's noticeably
not flagship like when i looked at the
oneplus nord that's got a 765g in it
even though i know that's not a flagship
chip it feels
flagship like this does not this feels
noticeably mid-range
it's not like a slow performer i'm not
going to say it's like unusably slow or
anything like that but it is
slow at times not just in games when i'm
looking at frame rates but even in the
ui when i'm swiping around i'm just
doing things
stuff takes a little bit of time to load
but it feels fast enough and i feel like
for 200 bucks
i'd be very happy with this kind of
performance gaming performance is
hit or miss it obviously depends on the
titles you're playing any kind of heavy
3d title isn't ideal
on this device so the camera system the
aesthetics of the camera system first of
all
is a little bit different like i don't
love the look of it it's got this weird
shape
to the lens cluster and it's also quite
protuberant sticks out like two
millimeters or so
the image quality of these photos is
what you would expect
on a mid-range phone right clean easy
shots are fine
the ultrawide shots could be sharper but
the moment you throw low light into the
mix
it doesn't do great i think the one
thing i would say is nice on this phone
is the image stabilization in video so
it's
pretty decent but when you take low
light videos the image quality starts to
fall apart
quickly so this is all with the stock
camera app if you put g cam on this
thing i took a few photos
it's a little buggy right now i feel
like an updated version of gchem would
run nicely on it but
the low light images are just so much
better with gcam
okay ui so this is running miui 12
and it's been a couple years since i've
actually spent a lot of time
on miui and it is so much cleaner now
than it used to be
there are still a couple things i don't
love like number one there's ads like
there's straight up
advertisements in the middle of your ui
sometimes and it's just
it really shouldn't be there i
understand why they do it like samsung's
even doing this stuff now but
i hate that number two i don't like how
there's
unremovable software and it's like
xiaomi stuff that you know they want to
put it in there
and it seems like they collect data when
you're using them so i would just prefer
to uninstall those apps but i can't
because they're baked right into the rom
but those are the only real gripes i
have with miui it's a way cleaner
and better operating system now than it
was two years ago
but the real thing here is the price
point 200 bucks is a really
hard price for competitors to be it's
such an attractive phone because it's
got so much stuff
at that price point like super fast
screen 120 hertz
50 160 milliamp hour battery it's a big
battery that lasts long
they got a lot going on for this phone
okay what do you think
good for the price let me know okay hope
you guys enjoyed this video thumbs if
you liked it subs if you loved it
i'll see you guys next time